:wq1.Calvary is committed to serving urban centers in our region by forming valuable partnerships with many churches and organizations in the North Philadelphia area. We are excited about the relationships we've built because it extends beyond what we normally think of as “mission” work. Rather than being a group that comes in to fix things and leave, our goal is to build lasting relationships with the people in local churches, neighborhoods, and businesses. It’s the ongoing relationships that bring us the most joy!
2.Timoteo Sports, Inc. is a sports ministry in the North Philadelphia area that has always been about "More Than Sports" since 2005. Timoteo seeks to model Jesus in every neighborhood in which they are connected. They do this by creating a culture of family, teaching the truth of Scripture, opening up employment and academic opportunities, and encouraging our young players to serve others. Flag football and basketball are currently the sports that they use to allow them to engage young people holistically by fostering leadership development, responsibility, teamwork, communication, healthy living, and mentorship/discipleship. As the Body of Christ they partner with others to mentor youth. They are grateful that Calvary Church can be counted as one of those partners!
3.Worthwhile Wear, a nonprofit working to end modern-day slavery, started when Dan Emr responded to a message he heard at Calvary Church. Initial work in 2012 focused on helping women and girls in India make a living wage to prevent exploitation. Worthwhile Wear now operates two upscale thrift stores in Pipersville and Plumsteadville that provide volunteer opportunities and income to fund the programs of The Well, a safe house and restorative services program for women impacted by human trafficking
3.Worthwhile Wear, a nonprofit working to end modern-day slavery, started when Dan Emr responded to a message he heard at Calvary Church. Initial work in 2012 focused on helping women and girls in India make a living wage to prevent exploitation. Worthwhile Wear now operates two upscale thrift stores in Pipersville and Plumsteadville that provide volunteer opportunities and income to fund the programs of The Well, a safe house and restorative services program for women impacted by human trafficking modified revanth 
